* Norg Token Test File
  This file aims to include examples of all Norg tokens as per the specification.

** Preliminaries

*** Paragraphs and Words
This is a paragraph with several words.
It can span multiple lines.

This is another paragraph, separated by a blank line.

*** Whitespace and Line Endings
  This line has leading whitespace.
This line has a line ending.

** Detached Modifiers

*** Structural Detached Modifiers

**** Headings
* Heading Level 1
** Heading Level 2
*** Heading Level 3
**** Heading Level 4
***** Heading Level 5
****** Heading Level 6

*** Nestable Detached Modifiers

**** Unordered Lists
- Item 1
- Item 2
  - Sub-item 2.1 (Note: Indentation here is for readability, Norg uses leading `-` count)
-- Sub-item 2.1 (Actual Norg syntax for level 2)
--- Sub-item 2.1.1
---- Sub-item 2.1.1.1
----- Sub-item 2.1.1.1.1
------ Sub-item 2.1.1.1.1.1
- Item 3
  This is part of Item 3.

**** Ordered Lists
~ Item A
~ Item B
  ~~ Sub-item B.1
  ~~~ Sub-item B.1.1
  ~~~~ Sub-item B.1.1.1
  ~~~~~ Sub-item B.1.1.1.1
  ~~~~~~ Sub-item B.1.1.1.1.1
~ Item C
  This is part of Item C.

**** Quotes
> This is a quote.
> It can span multiple lines.
>> This is a nested quote.
>>> And another level of nesting.
>
> This is still part of the first quote after a blank line within the quote block.

*** Range-able Detached Modifiers

**** Definitions
$ Definition Term
  This is the definition content.
  It can span multiple lines.
$ Another Definition Term
  Content for the second definition.

**** Footnotes
^ Footnote Label
  This is the content of the footnote.
  It can also span multiple lines.
^ Another Footnote
  Content for another footnote.

**** Table Cells (Illustrative - full table structure is more complex)
: Cell 1 content
: Cell 2 content
  This is also part of Cell 2.
:: Sub-cell 2.1 (Conceptual, actual table structure is row-based)

**** Attributes (as Detached Modifiers)
% class: important
% id: section-1
  This content has attributes.

*** Delimiting Modifiers

**** Horizontal Rule
---

**** Weak Delimiting Modifier
===

** Attached Modifiers

*** Standard Attached Modifiers
This is *bold text*.
This is /italic text/.
This is _underline text_.
This is -strikethrough text-.
This is !spoiler text!.
This is ^superscript^ text.
This is ,subscript, text.
This is %inline comment% text (this comment part might not render visibly).
This is an \*escaped asterisk\*.
This is a \/escaped slash\/.

*** Free-form Attached Modifiers
This is verbatim text: |`verbatim`|.
Inline math: |$$E=mc^2$$|.
Inline code: |`fn main() { println!(\"Hello\"); }`|.
Variables: |&my_var&|.
Null modifier: |--this might be ignored or have special meaning--|.

*** Escaping
This is an escaped asterisk: \*.
This is an escaped slash: \/.
This is an escaped backslash: \\.
This is an escaped {curly brace}.

** Tags

*** Standard Ranged Tags
|example
  This is an example block.
|end

|comment
  This is a comment block.
|end

|custom_tag
  Content of a custom standard ranged tag.
|end

*** Verbatim Ranged Tags
@code rust
fn main() {
    println!("Hello, Norg!");
}
@end

@verbatim
This text will be rendered as-is,
  including   extra   spaces and
new lines.
@end

*** Infirm Tags
.important
This paragraph is marked as important.

.note
Another paragraph with an infirm tag.

*** Carryover Tags
+todo
This is a todo item.
  This is still part of the todo.

+urgent
Another item with a carryover tag.

*** Infecting Tags
#project
* Project Alpha
  This heading and its content are part of #project.

#draft
This paragraph is a draft.

*** Macro Tags (Conceptual, as execution is not part of basic tokenization)
=define_variable name="World"
Hello, {&name}&!

=include file="another.norg"

** Linkables

*** Links

**** URL
{https://example.com}
{https://example.com}[Example Site]

**** File Path
System Root: {:/path/to/some/file.norg}
Home Directory: {:~/documents/notes.norg}
Current Workspace: {:$/project/main.norg}
Other Workspace: {:$shared_docs/specs.norg}
Relative Path: {:../relative/file.norg}
File with description: {:/abs/file.norg}[Absolute File Link]

**** Line Number
Line in current file: {123}
Line in specific file: {:path/to/file.norg:42}
Line in specific file with description: {:path/to/file.norg:42}[Go to line 42]

**** Heading
Heading in current file: {* My Section}
Heading in specific file: {:another_file.norg:** Sub Section}
Heading with description: {* My Section}[Jump to My Section]

**** Footnote
Footnote in current file: {^* My Footnote}
Footnote in specific file: {:doc.norg:^* Important Note}
Footnote with description: {^* My Footnote}[See footnote]

**** Definition
Definition in current file: {$ My Term}
Definition in specific file: {:glossary.norg:$^ Key Concept}
Definition with description: {$ My Term}[Explain My Term]

**** Wiki Links
{@ WikiPageName}
{@ Namespace:WikiPageName}[Link to Wiki Page]

**** Generic Links
{& generic_target_id}
{& another_target}[Generic Link Text]

**** Timestamps
{<2023-10-26>}
{<2023-10-26 14:30>}[Event Time]

**** Extendable Links (Conceptual)
{=custom_link_type:value}
{=doi:10.1000/xyz123}[DOI Link]

*** Anchors
This is some text with an [anchor here].
Another [anchor with a description].

*** Magic Links (Illustrative, exact behavior depends on parser extensions)
<file:path/to/my_document.norg>
<url:https://neorg.wiki>

** Detached Modifier Extensions
* (toc) Table of Contents Heading
  This heading might have a 'toc' extension.
- (checked) List item
  This list item could be 'checked'.
$ (source="Spec v1.0") Definition Term
  This definition has a source extension.

** Detached Modifier Suffixes
* Heading with Suffix (status: done)
  The suffix provides metadata.
- List item with Suffix (priority: high)

** Attributes (Attached to Modifiers)
% class: "special-heading"
* A Special Heading
  This heading has an attribute attached.

- % class: "urgent-item"
  An urgent list item.

** Intersecting Modifiers (Illustrative of concept)
This is /italic and *bold /text** (Order and parsing can be complex).
This is *bold and /italic* text/.
